[DOCS] Bug 1212 — change "The {kib} console" to "Console" throughout docs. (#1234)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cases/api/actions-api/cases-actions-api-intro.asciidoc

* {jira} (including Jira Service Desk)
* {ibm-r}

> NOTE: Console supports only Elasticsearch APIs. Console doesn't allow interactions with {kib} APIs. You must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/console-kibana.html[Console].

Reviewer: The target page has a new title now, and the URL can be revised to use the `{kibana-ref}` attribute, as we all discussed in team chat. You'll also need to update all the other files with this link, but I'll just mark up this instance and leave the rest to you.
```suggestion
NOTE: Console supports only Elasticsearch APIs. Console doesn't allow interactions with {kib} APIs. You must use `curl` or another HTTP tool instead. For more information, refer to {kibana-ref}/console-kibana.html[Run {es} API requests].
```
